[Merged by Bors] - Avoid races in postVerifier (#4965)
spacemeshos/go-spacemesh: CHANGELOG.md

See [RELEASE](./RELEASE.md) for workflow instructions.

## UNRELEASED

### Upgrade information

### Highlights

### Features

### Improvements

> * [#4965](https://github.com/spacemeshos/go-spacemesh/pull/4965) Updates to PoST to prevent races and corruption of `postdata_metadata.json`.

Reviewer: >to prevent races and corruption of `postdata_metadata.json`

It sounds really scary. Users might wrongly assume that the post code had race conditions leading to invalid results or corrupting postdata_metadata.json. That's not the case. The race was on app shutdown path only and resulted in a crash, not an undefined behavior/wrong results/postdata_metadata.json corruption. Could you be more specific here to avoid confusion?

```suggestion
* [#4965](https://github.com/spacemeshos/go-spacemesh/pull/4965) Updates to PoST:
- prevent races when closing POST verifier on app shutdown resulting in a crash,
- prevent `postdata_metadata.json` corruptions by updating it atomically.
```
